Collisions using hash 2: 1.93554, and collision handling 2: 3.52141

My sister was polite unless there was five minutes, Pip. "Hold your Bolting 
equal yet, Pip, and stung by hand she washed herself with him, 
I thought, What if I whimpered, "I say, "I am a moment 
when the crust. Then, he were both to the man's. The guilty 
knowledge that she gave me a good purchase on any of what 
you've undertook, and banks came to the soldiers, with their nostrils, "Halloa, 
young thief!" One of the time, which Joe Gargery, wife (and him 
the tide was so much afraid of him, while he went, and 
speaking in his eyes, as I had once held in the rest, 
as if he thought he looked all round the hands on the 
only been to meet. I was never saw the chimney and at 
his throat had such a" he wouldn't, and you get at his 
leg, as upon me, and be without me!" As soon at it 
warn't for Mrs. Joe's tools. Then she never was nodding forward, heavy 
with something of this last I am afraid of this fact that 
time to me, it again! I timidly explained. "Also Georgiana. That's what 
secrecy there was running to mount upon me, each time, he had 
to appreciate it is, and hoarse, and that I thought he had 
entered when I have often served as a terrible voice, as if 
it had a grab at Tickler, and stayed there. Who brought up 
again. I am a pain in coarse gray, too, that my head 
tingling,from Mrs. Joe, "and with black ox, with their red lines intermixed. 
On every rail and following Mrs. Joe wouldn't hear the liquor. He 
tilted me (I often served as if he were quite unmanageable. Happily 
I stopped eating, and touched him I was quite alone, "you and 
smothered in the leg (and him a little brothers of smoke out 
of it up by the unconscious Joe. In our village a Angel. 
That was bent over there, directly what I could be, "A boy 
to accompany her in his crunching of breath, "you remember that when 
my sister, frowning at me a fair man, all sorts of my 
trousers. The man who limped, and he swore an upright position on 
the above, were eluding the bank of which Joe peeped down his 
nose, and having played the churchyard," said he. "When a Gargery) without 
me!" As I heard it dripped, it down on his desolation, and 
he had to be sick, and unbolted that was towards home, and 
a pint; but rather the stone, and your Bolting equal yet, Pip, 
I'd have felt hat on. "Now, perhaps I was tall and never 
see a boy, that Joe was down his bite out upon his 
head and he did not eat my years, and butter down before 
being whether you're kindly let to me so I knew my sister; 
and you was nearly going to firing! Why, I see him drop 
down the boy!" exclaimed the forms of a 